Our team wants to implement a product for peer-to-peer social betting, that is not constrained
only to sports but can also include political events, economical events and so on. 
It's different from a classical bookmaker because bets are against other users and not against company.
Another peculiar feature that we thought about is a social perspective. Users are nodes in a
social network and friendships represent edges. 

We identified three layers for our application architecture and would like to focus on two of them.
I) First of them is Data Acquisition and is not important for our project in this phase. This component
refers to obtain data about bets from third party sources (API, crawling, etc). 
For MVP we will probably mock some data and implement the following use-case:
    UC.I.1) As an admin I want to CRUD a game and options for that game.

II) Second of them is about Data processing and presentation. In this section we will cover how
games are shown to users, how a particular game is shown to a user, computing process done when somebody
place a new bet and how odds evolves in time.
    UC.II.1) As a user I want to see a filterable list of open games.
    UC.II.2) As a user I want to place a bet on a open game.
    UC.II.3) As a user I want to see my bets and receive notifications regarding them.
    UC.II.4) As a user I want to have a list of saved games to receive notifications about them.
    UC.II.5) As a user I want to have a list of recommended games for me based on previous bets I made.
    UC.II.6) As an admin I want to see a data about intensively betting games.
    UC.II.7) As an admin I want to see data about bets that doesn't find matches.

III) The third component refers to Social layer. This section will cover social relationship and how
can this improve betting experience.
    UC.III.1) As a user I want to add/remove friends.
    UC.III.2) As a user I want to view in newsfeed bets from my friends.
    UC.III.3) As a user I want to copy a bet from a friend.
    UC.III.4) As a user I want to bet against a friend.
    UC.III.5) As a user I want to see how my friends placed their bets for a particular game.
