Social Trading Networks

    A social trading network is an application that enables traders to share their trades or ideas with other traders.
The trades include Forex, stocks, indices and also commodities.

1. Important names in the field:
    This is a market where there are quite a big number of players already:
        - ZuluTrade: probably the biggest social trading network; it offers the possibility to copy other traders' trades
 automatically, which means you could make money without even being online.
        - eToro: this is much more an educative platform, introducing novices to trading.
        - Ayondo: German social trading network that is rapidly expanding in Europe. Offers probably the widest range of
 trading instruments (Forex, stocks, indices, bonds, interest rates and commodities).
        - SignalTrader: this platform is specialized in offering automated mirror trading, similar to ZuluTrade's.
        - Tradeo: a social trading community which allows traders to share their trading activities. Traders can interact
 and get feedback from other traders, as well as mimic the strategies from other Forex traders.
        - TradingFloor: the social trading community and platform developed by SAXO Bank Group gives customers access to
 the latest market news and expert opinions. Traders can use the information to place better trades.

    As can be seen, this market is having quite a big number of well established players, so we taught we should look for
a niche, that of betting exchanges. The principles are the same as with exchanges of Forex, stocks, commodities, the main
difference being that there are no commodities here, but games. Traders can exchange information and place bets against
each other.
    This niche has just two big players: Smartkets and Betfair, which gives plenty of place to come with novelties.

2. Research:
For the research component of this project our scientific coordinator introduce us a paper "Chain Stability in Trading
Networks", by John William Hatfield from the University of Texas, Scott Duke Kominers, from Harvard University, Alexandru
Nichifor, from the University of St. Andrews and Stanford University, Michael Ostrovsky, from Stanford University and Alexander
Westkamp, from the University of Maastricht. Our aim is to add some own results to that paper. The authors conclude with two
results. The main one states that if all agents' preferences are fully substitutable and satisfy the Law of Aggregate Supply and
Demand, can be considered only deviations by agents along a chain of contracts. Fully Substitutable means that if an agent
expands his opportunities to sell or buy he will reject a larger set of contracts on that side (buy/sell) and select a larger
set of opportunities on the other side. Law of Aggregate Supply and Demand states that if an agent expands his options to sell
or buy then the number of contracts chosen on that side is at least as large as the contracts chosen on the other side.
The other result shows that in a finite economy with continously transferable utility, if all agents' preferences are fully
substitutable, then an outcome is consistent with competitive equilibrium if and only if is not blocked by any chain. 


3. Resources:
    1. http://socialtradingguru.com/networks/social-trading-networks
    2. https://smarkets.com/welcome/
    3. https://www.betfair.ro
    4. https://faculty-gsb.stanford.edu/ostrovsky/papers/cstab.pdf
    5. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_trading
    6. https://www.etoro.com/en/social-trading/
    7. http://primepair.com/trading-education/social-trading/beginners-guide
